When i first met Guitar, he got very close to me very quickly. In just a couple of days he pretty much “opened his heart” to me, told me private stuff about his life, and made me feel close to him. He also made me feel like i was the only one by his side, that he was completely alone, and that i “made him want to keep going”.

He was nice and sweet to me in the very beginning, but after a month he started showing his true colors.

He started using me as an emotional punching bag. Not in a “i need to vent” way, he would also blame me for everything that was wrong in his life, treating me horrible while he was upset, and rejecting to tell me anything about what was going on, making me feel both guilty and clueless. He would punish me for something i didnt even know if i was doing.

Following that emotional abuse, the sexual abuse appeared. I realised he would never take a “no” as a response, trying to force me into having sex with him every night we spent together, trying to manipulate me into having it. He would only be nice and caring with me at night, just moments before he would force me to have sex. At a point, he would even say to me “i know that you will let me fuck you if i keep kissing you”. Sometimes he would even fully force me to have sex with him while i was crying because i was feeling bad emotionally, even with several explicit “no” given to him. I had sex with him several times without my explicit consent, and with my explicit negative to it.

After a year the emotional abuse got worse. He would give me silent treatment constantly, he would still punish me for everything that was wrong in his life, and also threatining me if i dared to talk to him on stream, because “i would ruin his job”.

The people who got close to him can agree that u can never say something against what he thinks or believes. He thinks his words are law, and everything he says and thinks is perfect. If you ever try to say otherwise, he would get absoluely livid.

Every time i had an argument with him, every time i disagreed with him, he would tell me i ruined his day and stop talking to me until the next day, or until he was bored because he had no one else to talk to.

He always wants to be the center of attention, he only wants to talk about his interests and what he thinks its important (money and youtube, pretty much). If you tried to talk something else with him,  he would never respond, or he would change the topic. Having a conversation with him at the beginning was very easy, but after some time you realise that if you dont follow his topics, you would end talking to a wall.

(Reminder that all of this started happening A YEAR after i met him; this wouldnt happen in the first months after you start talking to him).

After some time i realised there was some of his close friends who he wasnt following on twitter. Of course, thats perfectly understandable and youre free to follow whoever you want. The particular thing about this is that those friends were exclusively male. All his female friends, or even girls that he talked to a couple times, would get an insta follow from him. 

I remember one of his followers (one that was very loyal, and i used to talk to him a lot) told me: “im surprised because i’ve been following him for the longest time, and talked to him several times both in dms and on tweets, and never got a follow; but my friend (a girl) talked to him just a couple times and he followed her instantly”.
He would follow and talk to every girl possible that was nice to him. Shortly after i cut ties with him, people used to tell me that he would flirt with all of them, no matter the age, no matter the distance. The same treatment he gave to me when we met, the same treatment that made me feel special, he was giving it to everyone he talked to. He would also plan an irl meetup asap with the people he was interested.

All of this got worse when he met Juniper and got more into the english GD community.

He ditched all his friends just to do vcs with “The Kenos”. I think pretty much everyone in the GD community knows who’s in that group. As far as i know, at the beginning, all of them would be in vc, chilling and having fun together. After some time, Guitar ditched, and only appeared in vcs when Juniper was around.

After he met Juni, the emotional abuse got even worse. I know i could’ve left, but emotional abuse victims can understand the strong feeling of attatchment you have towards your abuser, that feeling of hope you constantly keep on your chest, and your mind living in the past, with the memory of that person you met long ago, and that disappeared also long ago.

Every time we had an argument or a little fight he would either stop talking to me and block me everywhere, or use me as an emotional punching bag, telling me how worthless i was compared to him, and that his time was too worth to spend it talking to me. Remember when i said you could never say something that wasnt exactly what he thinks or wants? It got worse, way worse. To the point that i couldnt even try to help him with private life stuff, because if i didnt 100% agree with him on everything he did, he would make me feel like the worst scum on earth. 

He would never do vc with me to talk about the arguments we had, to solve our problems. Everything was by chat. I don’t even know if he had any emotional reactions towards our fights, because i never got to hear his voice while we had them. The only thing i know is that, while he was arguing with me, he was also trashtalking me with his friends, and being a sweetheart to others. 

After the fights, for some days, he would be ultra sweet and nice again, but shortly after he would start doing the same stuff again: silent treatment, blaming me for his personal stuff and not telling me what was going on, making me feel worthless compared to him because hes important and famous… He also called me once a gold digger and a fame seeker for telling him that he used to expose me and talk to me more in social media before he got into the english GD community and, especially, before he met Juniper.

The people around me, even my family, realised i was being emotionally abused, and begged me to cut ties with him. After some time i did. I dont know how was his reaction emotionally, because he, again, didnt want to have a vc about it; but the conversations afterwards were extremely manipulative. He even tried to make me be suspicious of the people around me, of my closest friends that he knew of, and he told me he would make my life a living hell if i dared to ruin his work and his career.

Afterwards, he told me he would change, he was going to therapy and that he would never treat me like that again. We had a convo that had double meaning messages, messages that would either mean “i’m gonna kill myself” or “i’m gonna disappear from your life”. I warned his friends about this because i was extremely scared that he would commit suicide, and after they got in contact with him, he told me off for telling them, he told me he didnt trust me anymore, and blocked me afterwards.

Because we had sex, most of our convos afterwards were sex related. His opinions towards me were pretty much sexual, and all the ways he had to compliment me were sexually. I think he only mantained his contact with me so he could have someone to have sex with, and that he really didnt have any more interest on me apart from that. I think what triggered the biggest change on him was getting more power and a higher position in the GD community, and also meeting Juniper. He would tell me constantly he wanted to visit her, planned surprise meetups with his parents but without her consent, and spent 90% of his time with her, both in vc and chat. I don’t know much about this, though, i’m just saying what i know about this. I had the feeling that he was obsessed, and some people around him had the exact same feeling. I stopped caring about this long ago, i just hope she’s ok.

I suffered both sexual and emotional abuse from him for more than 2 years, and i just dont want anyone to suffer what i did. He loves female attention, hes addicted to sex, he has a god complex, and after what i’ve lived i believe he will do anything to get what he wants; especially related to women. He has several masks that start to disappear after you get to know him. At first, you’re like a new toy, he takes care of you and makes you feel loved and worthy. But over time he gets bored, especially if you demonstrate an emotional bond towards him, and starts showing his true face.

I’m still recovering from all of this. I have huge trust issues, sexual trauma and self esteem problems. I dont want anyone to have this either. He’s an emotional bomb that can explode in your face at any moment, he’s incredibly unstable emotionally, and struggles a lot controlling his emotions, letting everything go against the first person he talks to when something is wrong in his life. 

This is what i’ve lived and i know its hard to believe, but trust me, i really wish i hadn’t lived this. I make no jokes about this, ever, and i just want to be in peace and heal. But i can’t live with these memories in my head, and my heart telling me that someone could suffer this and i could help stop it. 
