I am disgusted by what is mentioned in this statement and even more upset that it was happening while Guitar and I were friends without my knowledge. I started spending less time around him after noticing manipulative behavior and what seemed to be somewhat of an obsession with spending time with me. I always thought this was just Guitar finding me a good friend of his, but perhaps there was an ulterior motive the whole time.

Looking back on our time as close friends, I feel as though what is mentioned in the statement lines up with some of my own experiences with Advy. I felt like he warmed up to me and shared very personal details of his life quite fast, and over time, I ended up feeling entirely responsible for his mental health since he never took my advice on how to improve it and instead relied heavily on me to do so. 

I want to confirm that, as mentioned in the statement, Guitar did often talk to my parents about surprising me with a meetup- often. My parents, of course, talked to me about this beforehand, since they didn’t want to have someone over for multiple weeks as he desired without me being aware of it.

I never felt like Guitar intended to get sexual favors of any kind from me, but he did make plenty of sexual jokes. Me and some friends noticed that they seemed to be pointed in my direction more often than not. They could absolutely be nothing more than harmless jokes from friend to friend, but they could also have had a deeper meaning. There’s really no way to be sure at this point.

At the end of the day, though, all of this is minuscule compared to what is mentioned in this thread. I am appalled after reading through it and feel horrible that these actions were happening while we were friends. I wish I could have done something to stop it. 

I will not be associating with Guitar moving forward.

Thanks to the victims who bravely shared their experiences and made all of us aware of the situation. I hope that everyone will treat each other with respect moving forward. 

Much love,
Juniper
